[hotfix][docs] Remove inconsistent parameter descriptions. (#28767)
apache/flink: docs/content.zh/release-notes/flink-2.3.md

Flink 2.3 reworks how `SinkUpsertMaterializer` handles the case where a query's upsert key
differs from the sink's primary key. Previously this required maintaining the full history of

> records and could blow up state. A change partially addressed this issue:

Author: ```suggestion
records and could blow up state. An enhancement allows you to manage this situation:
```
